Data used in this publication were generated by the National Cancer Institute Clinical Proteomic Tumor Analysis Consortium (CPTAC). https://doi.org/10.7937/k9/tcia.2018.pat12tbs. Patient: C3N-00704, Study: Dec 10, 2000 NM PET 18 FDG SKULL T, CT: WB STND, PET: WB 3D AC)

Data preparation and pre-processing
- Go to [the dataset link](https://doi.org/10.7937/k9/tcia.2018.pat12tbs), scroll down the page and click the yellow/orange search button and once the searching platform is ready click on "Search Results" if the page opens on "Summary" then identify the Subject ID C3N-00704 and click on it.
- Click on the Dec 10, 2000 study and select the CT (WB STND) and the PET (WB 3D AC) images by clicking on the cart icon.
- Click on the download button in the top-right corner and select download cart. If you already have the NBIA Data Retriever it should automatically proceed with the download; otherwise follow the instruction to install the NBIA Data Retriever and proceed with the download.  

- To be compatible with Faber data managing, split the CTs and the PETs in two folders and rename all the images as IMx.dcm where x goes from 0 to 246.
- Run run.sh by providing the CT_path, the PET_path, and the results_path. It requires Matlab V 2020b or if you have a different release please modify it in run.sh

./run.sh <path/to/CT/> <path/to/PET/> <path/to/result/folder>

- Once pre-processed the data, please remove the IM246.dcm for both the CTs and the pre-processed PETs. Now you can proceed with Faber image registration.
